Q.  What is Hospitality World?

A.  Hospitality World is a model for a new way of doing business. Spiro
Goumas, the originator of the concept has been a "mover and shaker" in
the restaurant/catering business in the Canton/Akron, Ohio area for
many years. He served for 6 years as a manager of the IX Center, the
Cleveland area Exhibition Center and has served for many years as a
consultant to some of the areas best reataurants. In 1982 Spiro got an
idea to centralize the type of services that were available only every
other year at the Chicago Food Mart, the major exhibition for the food
industry. The concept was to provide an area for food operations
people to get access to food service providers and restaurant
suppliers. The idea was widely praised and got much press but proved
to be too costly to implement. Spiro has also been involved with the
World Futures Society and attended several major events over the
years. The idea dimmed but never faded. We, Suzi and I, met Spiro
about 6 months ago through a mutual friend (part of a very cosmic
gathering of minds). He had been looking into the concept of the
internet and what it was all about. As we began to talk about his
ideas of of balance and asset distribution, within the food industry
specifically, and in the universe in general , sparks began to fly.
The thought of using the internet to develop his Hospitality World
were immediately evident and a bond was formed...a node, if you will.
We began to meet on a regular basis. Our Internet Service Provider,
Dave and Rita Bigham (Cantec) were drawn in as a important piece of
this puzzle. The fellow who had introduced us to Spiro, Jim Naus, is
the owner of Coffee Configurations, a "cyber cafe" near the University
of Akron. Jim has since put the restaurant up for sale and is working
full time developing and promoting Hospitality World and sells for
pidwanger productions, our Multimedia design firm. Randy Linquist,
owner of Trivium ( a popular local coffee house) is also involved as a
writer and philosopher and, we are using his restaurant as a meeting
place and to give HW a sense of place. We also have an office in Bath,
Ohio where we can meet people from the Cleveland Area. Suzi and I work
at home and Dave and Rita do the same. In the course of "growing" HW
(it IS very organic) I stumbled across Terra Vista. Stumbled being the
operative term here as I came on rather strong. But, my initial idea
was to take an existing MU VRML world and give it a sense of purpose
and some help. I was a little disappointed at what I found but the
vision and spirit are here. I really got psysched and presented the
idea to the HW BOD to incorporate TV into HW. The reception was luke
warm but I see how it fits together, I can see it.  Spiro came back 
to me 2 weeks later, after having pondered it and said basically, 
"That's it, that's the missing piece! We didn't have the community 
large enough." He was thinking in terms of the Hospitality World 
community and hadn't included the rest of the world. He realizes that 
the virtual community is an essential part of the concept and is 
willing to commit whatever resources are available to us for 
furthering this concept.

In summary, HW is a place for people in the restaurant business to
stay in touch with suppliers, customers and each other in a symbiotic
relationship. The underlying theme is people, balance and  fairness.
The "Share the Wealth" Concept is also at the root. The idea there is
sharing profit among the employees and owners of a business according
to some very simple rules. We have the software for this already and I
can demo it to anyone interested but it is not necessarily part of TV.

Q.  Why are we doing it, what's in it for Terra Vista?

A.  Free rent, a place to build, a place to play, increased publicity, a
chance to participate in a Social Transformation. The possibility to
take part in a new model of doing business. No strings, no
restrictions other than self imposed, a chance to show everyone what
you can (or cannot) build. A place to meet people, a place to check
the local restaurants, movie schedules, order pizza.......need I
continue :-)HW will exist in some form or another but it works better
and easier if we can work with an established community and people who
understand what this is all about...not many people do. Where are you?
What's going on in your town, village, state? We are going to expand
this to the rest of the planet....not tomorrow, but soon. Wanna get
involved?

Q.  Is it a new Zone?

A.  I think so but you tell me.

Q.  Who is the Zowner?

A.  Hospitality World. From your point of view (Terra Vistans) it will be
Suzi and I as pidwanger productions. We will maintain control over
this area as we are responsible to the businesses who will pay us.

Q.  Who will be able to view it?

A.  Anyone, though we may chose to have areas that have restricted 
access.  Pricing, services etc may not be available to the general 
public.

Q.  Are there minimum requirements?

A.  I would guess that we are going set a P100 with a decent video 
card as the target system. This is not a restriction, anyone can 
develop worlds aimed at slower machines but that is a bad road for 
businesses.  The machines are getting better, the rendering engines 
are getting better, VRML is getting better (arguable I'm sure). We 
want what we design today to be good tomorrow.

Q.  Is the basis for Hospitality World, within the confines of the  
"real world"?  Including, are the buildings representing existing 
architecture?

A.  The broadway buildings are all real but this is not a 
requirement. I like it better if the stuff has at least some bbasis 
in fact. It's nice for a business owner to see "his" building on the 
site but many don't have, or are not proud of, their locations in 
which case we can design spaces.

Q.  Is the intent of the project to be for "entertainment", or are we 
trying to promote the associated companies through "classic" style 
advertisement.

A.  I want to avoid all traditional means of advertising. I am not 
against displaying signs etc in the "business" areas, but I don't 
want to have people bombarded with pictures and slogans and I hate 
banner ads.

Q.  Do we want people to enter the donut shop and be able to throw 
donuts at the clown, or are we simply trying to show the shop, it's 
architecture, and it's cozy atmosphere? 

A.  The actual means of presenting a business will have to be 
determined by the owner. It is our job to convince him that we are 
looking for interesting content and context. Most of the businesses 
we are talking to understand this and are in full agreement.

Q.  Do you have any more focused knowledge of our business target 
market and is the purpose of Hospitality World to attract a "classic" 
market to these companies, or are we looking for more?

A.  We aren't doing classic anything!!! We are breaking the mold here 
and I want to emphasize this! We are involved at the very root of 
designing a new paradigm, what Marilyn Ferguson calls a Social 
Transformation. That may sound grandiose but that's my middle name 
:-)  The rules are changing and we are writing new rules. We have a 
groundwork of businesses and organizations and communities who 
realize this and are willing to work together to accomplish this. As 
far as focused knowledge of our target, Spiro has some of the best 
contacts in the business and is a reknowned expert in the Hospitality 
field, but we are already seeing the market expand astronomically and 
we are going to try to attract experts in each field with the same 
vision. We were fortunate to meet the owner of the Mustard Seed 
Market the other day. The Mustard Seed is rated as one of the best 
Organic Food Markets and restaurants in the country, it is 20,000 sq 
ft.. Phillip Nabors looks like Pete Townsend with a pony tail and had 
on Bugs Bunny socks and red Converse All Stars. He has lived in 
communes and is very politically involved including appearing before 
the senate committee with Ben Cohen (Ben and Jerry's) on the ban of 
Bovine Growth Hormones. His vision is to build a virtual market where 
you can click on any product and see where it comes from, how it is 
made etc. BTW he has already done the research and knows where every 
product comes from. I reiterate, "We are not doing anything Classic!!
